And this is where, when I went to
Tribulation, everything I saw in
Tribulation about this
temple—the
Masonic temple—and this being where
the people go and worship the
Antichrist, how all this field will be
filled with people worshiping
the Antichrist every Friday. And they go
around the whole building. You see it?
The lights are on.
Yeah, I'll pull up there really close so
they can see it
better. But
this temple is like hundreds of years
old. It's really old. But this is
where they will go. And they'll have
massive screens
all on the side of this
building so that you can worship the
Antichrist on Friday. So if you don't
believe in the Rapture and you want to
get left here, that's fine. You can come
here and worship the Antichrist or you
can go get your head cut off because
that's what's going to happen.
Not trying to be crude, but I'm just
being real. So let's turn right
here. I'll keep going around. Like I
said, the grounds—this is all the grounds
of where it will
be—but
there was a massive screen right there,
a
humongous screen right there. And it
points out this way and it shows the
people going that way.
It's huge. This
is a
massive
building. So, I'm going to show you how
big it is.
This is all the grounds. It goes all the
way around. And the people will be lined
up in single lines; the lines will go back
and forth all the way across. And
there's a massive screen that is
going to be on this building, the
brown building right here.
One day there'll be a massive
screen on that building and the people
right here will see it and they will
worship that way. It goes
all the way around where the people line
up and they come from everywhere around
this area and this little
town to worship him. See, and they have
their little Scottish
Rite
signs there, and they
come here and they have big meetings.
But this is how big it is. Do you see
all the
land?
So now I'm going to show you
the courthouse. Remember I told
everybody
that
they take down the American flag
and the Antichrist makes his own flag
with the black, the white,
and the green and the sickle
swords and the palm leaves and the five
stars, which I believe represents the
five pillars of Islam. And so
you will see the flag be replaced
from the American flag soon, and they'll
be right here on this one where the
American flag is. You're going to see
it on this courthouse;
they take this flag down whenever
they do and they put the
Antichrist flag up. When that
happens—and
this is an old historic building, I
think it's one of the oldest buildings
in this town, it's like several
hundred years old—then a couple feet
away,
probably
100 yards to where they
will burn the Bibles one day.
This is where, in this field right
here, they're going to burn the Bibles.
And that's why I told you they have a
massive fire and they burn all the
Bibles in that field one day.
It's
humongous—the
Bible
tower way above and it's like a
pit, this
high school football stadium. This
is like a
bowl field with
a stadium. It's a bowl like that,
so it's really deep and it goes up,
showing
how big the stack of
Bibles is. And it's similar to whenever
Hitler burned all the books and the
Bibles. You saw during Indiana Jones
and that's similar to
what I saw when I was standing
with Jesus when they burn them. And I
saw the smoke. The smoke goes up for
miles. You can see it all around from
them burning all the Bibles. And so that
will come in the future. It's
coming. I'm telling you. And so just
letting you all know, it's time to
get right with Jesus before it's too
late. If your heart's not right with
Jesus, you need to repent today because
there's coming a time shortly that you
won't have time to repent anymore.
It's over. Jesus Christ is coming. And
I'm just telling you all, I want
to be real with you all. It's time to
get real with God because
Jesus is coming and the
Rapture of the church is going to take
place. Now, show this again, son. You
can show it better out the front. That's
the courthouse where they bring all the
Bibles in the future. And you're
mandated by the Antichrist with that
flag and he's going to have his thing on
there to have that done. And so you will
see that eventually in the future. There
will be a day. I'm telling you all.
Here's another building from the
Masons. And this is another building
that you will see during the
Tribulation. They will have this
building for the Antichrist and for his
people. Watch. It will happen. Just
remember I told you also who get left.
I'm not trying to be
sarcastic, y'all. It's just time to be
real. It's time to get serious. We're
running out of time. There's a great
revival that's about to happen to this
earth. And we're about to see a major
outpouring of the spirit of God. And
we're going to see a billion soul
harvest. I'm telling you all, I've been
in prayer interceding for the things
that are coming. And I want to
show you downtown where the people will
come. Look, you can pan up
downtown. All these old brick buildings
of this old historic town where the
people come. This will be a
major hub. I don't know why they pick
here. I think it's because of the
Masonic
temple, but a lot
of people think they're part of the
Illuminati and all that. I don't know
about it, but I think there's something
to some of this secret society stuff.
But
let's see here. I'll show you a
little bit more.
To the people who have
already seen my old video, this is the
stadium, but
downtown there is a lot of tunnels.
There is supposed to be a lot of tunnels
under this town that go clear from the
morgue
that's over there, the old
clear down here to where they ran
bootleg, you know, like the whiskey, the
Prohibition era. They're supposed to
have ran tunnels underneath
this town that they would hide stuff in
and not want to be seen. And
there's supposed to be old cars down
underneath there. And there was
moonshine. They would run moonshine.
These old buildings right here—this old
building right here was one of the old
saloons where they had a brothel for
prostitution and liquor. They ran
liquor. And
there's a whole basement
underneath there
for the
brothel right
there.
These buildings are really, really old.
And the old post office, all
this stuff, but this town's
creepy. But
let them
see these old buildings. Can you see
them better, son? They're
working on the sidewalks. But look over
here.
I'll show them these old
buildings. See, they're creepy old
western looking buildings, the old banks
and all this stuff. And so, you can
see it going down Main
Street. I can't go. They're working on
the sidewalks down here. But
just wanted to kind of show you all.
Like I said, it's already
a creepy town, but
this is the hot spot for the end
times. I'm telling you. So
I told you all during my Tribulation
video, the first one I made, not the
last one. I forgot some of this stuff
and the Holy Spirit reminded me and my
son, too.
But the Lord showed me a Starbucks in
this town that was going to be here.
When I had the visitation from the
Lord and Jesus took me out of my body
and took me to the Tribulation, there was no
Starbucks. This was back on July 6, 2014.
I had this
visitation. So, there was no
Starbucks. There was an old barbecue
house there. There was a
Taco Bueno there, and then they bulldozed
the Taco Bueno down and they built the
Starbucks. I told everybody for
years prior to them building the
Starbucks—because
they just finished the
Starbucks like two
or
three years ago
now—'There
will be a
Starbucks right there on this
corner,'and
that's where I'm taking you right now. I
said, 'There will be a Starbucks there
when the Antichrist is
here.'Jesus
showed that to me during
the
Tribulation because I saw people
rioting. I told you all they were
tearing things up, but I saw the thunder
and the lightning; I saw the storms.
I was here with Jesus, and He showed
me—I
don't know why I remember
certain landmarks. This is an
old
church right here. This is an old
church. You see these old churches?
It's
pretty amazing what
all these old churches—the old
Baptist church, the old Presbyterian
church, the Catholic church—and this
was in the Tribulation. I saw
this when I was with Jesus. See this old
church right here? Do you see
it? Isn't that
beautiful? That's the old Catholic church.
I'll show you
this right here:
there were supposedly
tunnels going clear
to this boys'home. Now, you all
can use your imaginations as to why they
would have a tunnel from the temple
to that—and I'm not going to go into all
that—but
why there would be a
tunnel from the boys'home to the 'little
boys'room.'I
don't know why there's supposed to be
a tunnel that goes from this
boys'home
to that temple.
I
just think it's kind of interesting.
Supposedly, there are these tunnels
and people have talked about them. They
have
supposedly knocked them down;
they're not there anymore. I don't know.
But my brother was part of the sheriff's
department and they talk about stuff. Are they able
to see all
these old historic houses,
buddy?
Aren't they
beautiful? But this old boys'home was
from the Freemasons. They owned
it and they had an old Masonic
boys'home
here, and
it's from 1923.
See
it? Something pretty fabulous. It's kind of
creepy, but there's a lot of
critters in there. Got to anoint that
place with oil and cast the devils out.
Use the whole bottle on that
one—you
need a whole bottle, maybe
two. We're going to anoint you with oil.
I mean, there's critters in there
from
everywhere. Let me turn around
so they can see it again.
A Baptist
man who had a vision
from the Lord supposedly bought that. He's a very
rich man, and he bought that
because
he knows about the revival. The Lord
spoke to him about the revival that's
about to take place. And I told
everybody from the I-35 corridor clear
down to Fort Worth, Texas: there will literally be
millions of people
coming
here soon because they're fleeing what's
going to happen on the East Coast and
the West Coast. Remember what I'm
telling you? It's going to happen
because
the Lord warned me. I told you there's a
storm coming. And so, look, this is part
of it. He renovated this and made
this into a venue for
weddings and things like that. It's
absolutely gorgeous on the inside now,
but the grounds are huge. I mean, this
thing is huge. I think they had it for
sale at one time, but it's absolutely
beautiful. Some of you all are
what I'd call
'spiritual adrenaline
junkies.'I
get your
emails. Some of you are adrenaline
junkies and you get into all the
spiritual weirdness about the demonic. I
do not. I cast them out and get rid of
them. But this house right here has
tons of devils in it. If you're into it
and you're into ghosts and all that
stuff, which are just familiar spirits
that are left, this house right
here has a ton of them. And look at
that. See that? It's real creepy. But
there's a lot of devils in that house,
too. It is an old historic
house, one of the old homes here, too.
Do
you see it?
It's
very creepy, but there are a lot
of devils in the house and they need to
have them cast out. If anybody wants to
come and do that, I guess you could talk
to the owners. They'd probably be mad at
you because they make money off of them;
they have ghost tours.
They're making money off the devil. Let
me
show you that, and then I
guess that's it for
that.
Now we'll go to the Starbucks. This is
the Starbucks. This was not here. This
was, like I told you, the
barbecue house. This was a Taco Bueno,
and then they
bulldozed
it down and turned this into the
Starbucks. So I wanted to show you:
prophetically, it looks like some things
will never happen. It looks like some
things—you're
going,
'Wow.'Because,
like I said, when I was with
Jesus and I was standing
over there by that Braum's—show them
that there's a Braum's over there;
it's an ice cream store. We
were standing over there in the corner,
and that's whenever I was in the Tribulation
with the Lord. All this stuff
was going on—rioting and all the
things were happening—and I could see
over here that there was a Starbucks and
there was lightning in the sky. I told
you all there was lightning after the
Rapture of the church. There's a lot of
lightning. It's weird; I don't know why.
But this Starbucks was here, and just
like how it's lit up right now, it was
nighttime
when the Tribulation
happened. Just like it's lit up
right here, all that was
just like that. It was lit up and I
could see it, but there was lightning in
the sky. It's a cloudy night
tonight, but then there was a ton of
lightning. And so sometimes,
when you're seeing in the spirit realm,
what you're seeing doesn't exist yet,
but just hold on; it's going to manifest.
That
is what I'm trying to tell you. It took
years for what I saw to start to
happen, and we're seeing it—the alien
visitations
of things that happened in
Miami not too long ago to all kinds
of things taking place.
I believe it was New York where they had
some kind of something show up there,
some kind of unidentified object.
They're talking about aliens,
and Jesus warned this was
going to start to take place. I told
you all this was going to be one of the
signs of His return: to be watching
the more they start talking about it, and
then we're going to
see some kind of manifestation of
an
alien encounter. It's coming. I'm warning
of
a great deception.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all;
it will
be a great deception, trying to
explain away to the world what happened
to millions of people disappearing in
the Rapture. That's what they're
going to do. They're going to tell us
that
aliens came and they were punished
for
their
rebellion—because
they were taken, vaporized, or
gone. We don't know; 'aliens got
them.'They're
going to have to
come up with an excuse for where all
these people disappeared. And that's
when they introduce the Mark of the
Beast. They bring in a one-world system
because when millions and
millions of people—if not a billion,
as
I'm believing for—disappear all of a
sudden, what is that going to
do to the financial system? What is that
going to do to the sanity of the
world? People are going to go crazy
because everybody's freaking out. Where
did all the kids go? I told you all the
kids below the age of 15
disappear. Even if they were not born
again, there was mercy on them. And so
people go, 'Well, I don't agree with the
age accountability.'That's what I saw,
and it was 15 and below. And so they all
disappeared in the rapture.
All those families are looking for
those children because
they've
disappeared. And so I'm telling you,
it's coming. Jesus is coming. I hope
your heart's right before Him. I hope
this video shook you a little bit
because that's what it's meant to do.
It's meant to get you ready because if
you're not ready, you need to repent
before it's too late. You need to ask
Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior
before it's too late because we're
running out of
time and there is a day coming
soon that it's going to be too late to
repent. Well, if this video shook you
and you're sitting here and
watching it and saying,
'How do I become a Christian? How do I
turn and do all this what he's
talking about—not miss the rapture, not
go through tribulation, get my head cut
off, all the things that he said
are
coming from the drones to the
hell on earth that's about to take place
because we're getting so close to the
Lord Jesus's return?'How do I miss all
that? Let me tell you, it's very simple.
You say a quick little prayer with me,
and you
believe in your heart and you go to a
Bible-believing
church that teaches the word
and you get baptized.
Volunteer for whatever they have going on.
Get plugged into that church with all
your heart and
just give it up for Jesus.
It's easy to be a Christian. It's easy
to make it in the rapture. It's
called a personal relationship with the
Lord Jesus Christ. It's not about works,
lest any man should boast. It's about
grace. It's about the grace of God. And
it's about walking your salvation out
with fear and trembling. It's about
seeking Him daily and having
intimacy with Jesus Christ. And so I
just want—if you don't have that, you
say, 'I don't have any of those
things'—well,
this is how you start.
This is the opening of the door to
Christianity. Say this prayer after me.
Say,
'Jesus, I'm a sinner. I come to you and
I want you to be my Lord and my Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life. I'm a sinner. Lord, forgive me.
Forgive me for all that I've done
wrong.'You're
confessing your sins.
'Forgive me, Lord, for murder, for whatever
it may be.'Nothing is too big for God to
forgive—adultery,
murder,
fornication, or gossip.
God, I thank you that you
forgive me. Just tell Him, 'Forgive me,
Lord. Forgive me. Cleanse me with
your
blood from all
unrighteousness.'Father,
I
thank you, Lord. You cleanse me from
all unrighteousness. Write my name in that
Lamb's Book of Life. And Father, I thank
you. I make you my Lord and my Savior. I
believe that you died on the cross for
me and you rose again on the third
day. You just
believe it. I believe that you forgave
me. It's easy. We make salvation too
hard. We make it into something that
it's, 'I've got to do all
this.'No.
Jesus already
paid the price for it, folks. He paid
the price for you to be free. Just say,
'I've confessed my sins. Forgive me.
I'm a sinner. I need you
now.'Father,
after I've done that, I thank you that I'm
yours. I'm adopted into
your home. He adopts you, he washes you
up, he cleanses you, and he
cleans you all up. 'Holy
Spirit, I invite you inside of me. Wall
to wall. Holy Ghost, free me
from all kinds of satanic bondage. I'm
free.'The
Bible says, 'Whom the Son
has set free is free
indeed.'So,
He sets
you free and you're free indeed.
I'm not bound by any kind of devil
anymore. I'm set free by the blood of
the Lamb. And so you just
believe that. Confess with your mouth.
Believe in your heart that Jesus is your
Lord and Savior and you're saved. Now,
go to church. Find a church that
believes in the baptism of the Holy
Spirit. Find a church that believes in
water baptism. Get baptized. Go and
declare your salvation to the
world—declare
what you've done to the
world—that
Jesus is your Lord and Savior by
baptism. Go and do that. Find a church
that does that and get excited
about the word. I just want to
encourage you all. It's not hard to
get saved. Get a Bible. Download it
on your phone if you don't have one.
Start reading your Bible every day and
ask the Holy Spirit. Say, 'Holy Spirit,
make this word real to me according
to
Ephesians
1:18.'Remember
that the eyes of your
understanding would be enlightened that
you may know
the
hope of His calling on my life. 'What
is it? Let the eyes of the understanding—the
word—become
real to me that it's
not
confusing.'Pray
over your mind. 'I
understand what I read.'And just feed on
the word of God daily. Pray daily. Seek
Him, Jesus, and be real with Him. Don't
be religious. You don't have to be
religious. 'Jesus, how are you today?
How's your day today? I had a rough
day today. I need you to give me
strength.'Again,
you're not going to be
perfect overnight. Just
like a child, you learn how to walk,
you fall when you walk, you get up,
brush yourself off, and you
walk some more. That's the same way it
is to be saved. You fall, you get back
up, brush yourself off, you keep
walking it out by faith. That's how we
live the Christian life. We're
all a work in progress. Even me, I don't
have it all together. Even with how
far I feel like I am with the Lord
some days, then you have days that you
go, 'Man, I've got a long way
to go.'That's
called humility. You just keep yourself
humble before the Lord. Humble yourself
underneath the mighty hand of the Lord,
and in time, He will exalt you.
So, I just want
to say I love you all. I pray that
if you got born again
today, please comment down below if you
gave your heart to Jesus Christ. Tell
somebody. Be excited about it. It's an
exciting time—a transfer from the old
man to a new man, being born again.
I hope this blessed you all watching
this video today.
God bless you all and thank you for
watching. Bye-bye.